job which lets up everybody has to treat
guys back for another reaction
today we're reacting to Star Wars the
Binks so weakened
don't be so we're good don't know what
it is but hey it's a Star Wars person we
know this like if you like saw Jar Binks
oh yeah yeah
Oh slow it took me like three like what
all right anyway let's just see this I
don't know why that's funny to me weird
is needed
can you not see you want to know like a
juggler
bon oh oh
Oh
yeah
this is new if I saw
this will use our words that's fair
enough
family trailer by George Lucas now
here's the worst movie ever made you
know they're probably gonna pay Bobby
some fanboys the vid negates it actually
loaded with you what am I talking you
guys have anything to say about that it
speaks for itself I have absolutely
nothing to say about that if you guys
are new here you liked our reaction you
want to see Marty actually subscribe
stay in touch with us you know hey we
just did the cinnamon challenge just
what you like cinnamon sprinkle around
the table here I've heard so much this
guy's snorted some up don't know what's
up with that hey if you did like this
reaction subscribing go check out our
1000 oh yeah once I wish I was special
like that's why we did the cinnamon
challenge we have a little special 1000
subscriber thing that you guys go check
out why you get so offensive man I was
an accident all right so uh - jeepers
he's coming out tomorrow I'm not that
doesn't hurt and we'll see you guys
later